Just follow this size.
Do you hear me?
Okay, get busy.
Pay attention to safety
What's the good news this time?
Kyoto Television
Organized by the top fashion magazines in the United Nations
Fashion Design Exhibition
This is an incredible opportunity.
I signed you up.
Where are you?
Zhou Yuchen, you are really my lucky star
And this time the theme of the competition is autumn men's clothing
I am experienced in this area
Can I give you a hand?
You can move here.
You are a professional in journalism
But making clothes is my comfort zone
He really shines, right?
I saw his light before you did
I know you come from the same era.
Have the same height
My thinking is decades behind yours
This is the chasm I will never be able to cross
He even told you that.
I guess otherwise I really don't understand
Why have you two never met?
But it's so easy
I also watch
Every article you read in Jinghong Pictorial
article
Your thinking is really similar to his.
You're smart.
But so what?
You two are only contractually married
You say this?